---
title: "And I wonder"
date: 2024-12-23 
catogories: [short story]
tags: [short story, love, ]
author: [Subekshya]
---
It was our first date as lovers, not friends. I had fantasized about this day every day for the past few months, over and over again but it was nothing as I pictured. After all, it was an imagery envisioned by a coward as if it were a lion. We met at a park at an altitude from where the clouds seemed closer than the city sprawling below. We exchanged awkward greetings as if we met for the first time rather than two people who’d known each other for over a year. As we walked towards the cliff to sit on, we began to have light conversations. Neither of us dared to hold the other’s gaze for long.

The grass was damp, but still, we decided to sit down, waiting for the sun to set. The warmth in the air was just enough to counterbalance the cool touch of the wet earth. She rested her head on my shoulder and I let a soft smile out. We both didn't utter a word as we gazed at the horizon painted in pinks and reds. The colors reminded me of a conversation I once read between Fukuyo and Mitsutsuka about why the sky is blue and why it changes its hue to red in the evening. Sitting there with her, overlooking the tiny city below and the vast sky above, it felt as though we were living the pages of a love story.  She nudged her head slightly and stretched her hand out. Her delicate fingers curled into a small fist, then opened again as she let out a soft sigh. In the stillness, that sigh spoke loud enough to disrupt the voices in my head. 

"Would you still love me if I were a worm?" Her voice was calm and monotonous, with her gaze still on the horizon. 

I froze upon hearing the question, feeling like a king perched on his throne, surrounded by his citizens awaiting a decree that could either bring harmony or provoke chaos. The weight of answering perfectly pressed down on me. I considered an answer, then discarded it immediately. I thought of another, then discarded that one as well. Before And then, I felt the soft curve of her smile against my shoulder along with a sigh, the kind that is heavy with disappointment. Though I couldn't see her face, I had a vivid vision of what it would have looked like. Before the situation could escalate further, I blurted out loudly, or maybe too loudly. The abruptness startled her, and she lifted her head and stared at me with eyes full of curiosity, and a hint of embarrassment.

"I would love you even more. As a worm, you will need more care than a human being and will be prey to thousands of other insects or animals. You wouldn’t be able to think, eat, speak, or walk the same way as a worm. I will stay at home taking care of you 24/7.  And you'd be so tiny, I would be able to sneak you everywhere in my pockets, that means I'd—." 

She suddenly turned around and chuckled with her hand covering her mouth. I stayed put, questioning what had just happened. "What is she smiling about? Is she making fun of my dumb answer?", many queries surrounded my head. When she looked back again and as our eyes met, she no longer held the same emotion as before. It was filled with joy, threaded with love and reassurance. She shifted her gaze to the horizon and said, “Let’s take a picture of the sunset.” I pulled out my phone and snapped a few shots, but my eyes couldn’t stay in the sky for long. Instead, they found her, the fading light of the day falling on her, her lips holding a quiet smile. I wondered if her smile was because of my ridiculous answer or the beauty of the sunset.
There was no moment of, "Oh, what a save," like the internet had promised me. Instead, I was overwhelmed by something else, something heavier and lighter all at once. My eyes were fixated on her and my smile was there no matter how hard I tried to contain it. That was a moment of realization of how much I was in love with the girl in front of me because I gave that nonsensical answer while I was vividly imagining us as a worm and her lover. She and I, both knew how utterly impossible and foolish the scenario was, yet we leaned into it because that frivolous question carried a deeper meaning. And, I knew right then and then that if life tossed us into the most bizarre, unexpected, or impossible situation, we’d face it together. If we could imagine still being in love as a worm and a human, then we could strip away all pretenses, show each other our raw, unfiltered selves, and still be loved for who we truly are.

" But what if I turn into a human-sized worm?? you wouldn't be able to sneak me everywhere." she looked at me tilting her head, pouting, squinting her eyes." This time without any hesitation, I replied, "Then........"

Our silly conversation continued for hours with endless giggles, until the sun had completely disappeared beneath the horizon. Those moments kept us entertained and deep down, we both understood what it all meant. Those most absurd conversations between us conveyed the love and trust between us that spoke louder than any logic or reason could. 
